Hello? Hello? No, it's a mistake.
I got a call from a big place.
What? Where?
It's a mental hospital. The room is open.
Can you come in?
What a masterpiece.
I'm sure you didn't call me when you came to my house.
It was terrible yesterday.
I want you to deliver two
I got a call from a big place.
What? Yugawara?
No, it's Sugawara.
Sugawara of Michidane.
I don't know Michidane.
Do you know Sugawara?
It's in Kamen-e-do.
Let's bloom the country's flowers.
Is it blooming now?
No, it's not blooming now.
Sugawara of Kanko.
Kanko of Shina?
No, it's not Kanko of Shina.
Sugawara of Mitsugo.
Sugawara is a name of a
person who is a great man.
It's called Sakuramaru of Neomatsu.
Is it born?
No, it's not born in my house.
It was terrible.
I'm sorry.
I want you to call me Sugawara.
There is no one in my house called Sugawara.
I'm not an otaku.
There was a bakery in front of my house.
Is it a room?
There was a fish shop in front of my house.
Is it called that?
No, it's a fish shop.
There is a fish shop about 1.5 km from the fish shop.
From the fish shop, there is a post office on the left.
It's a post office.
Hey, stop it.
I don't like such a far place.
I'm going crazy.
My head is.
I don't know the meaning of Sugawara.
You don't know it.
I know the name of the place where you are.
I'm going crazy.
I don't like such a strange place.
Stop it.
What are you talking about?
You're a pervert.
Look at me.
When you were sleeping on the bed,
you called me and said,
You called me and said,
You're not sleeping because you're a pervert.
You're a pervert.
I'm going to sleep.